resolveRelativeURL (#56947)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/url-functions.md

│ http://bigmir.net/?c=d&e=f#g │ http://bigmir.net/?a=b#g │
└──────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────┘
```

### resolveRelativeURL(RELATIVE_URL, BASE_URL)

> The resolveRelativeURL function resolves a relative URL against a base URL and returns the absolute URL. 

Reviewer: A bit more context why it may be required

```suggestion
The `resolveRelativeURL` function resolves a relative URL to its absolute form based on a given base URL.
This is particularly useful to resolve relative URLs from HTML pages.

```

**Syntax**

``` sql
resolveRelativeURL(relative_url, base_url)
```

**Arguments**

> - `relative_url` — the name of the relative URL. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).
> - `base_url` — the name of the base URL. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) or [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md) of Strings.

Reviewer: `name` doesnt sound here
```suggestion
- `relative_url` — The relative URL that needs to be resolved. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).
- `base_url` — The base URL against which the relative URL will be resolved. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) or [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md) of Strings.
```

> - `base_url` — the name of the base URL. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) or [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md) of Strings.

Reviewer: Why and how we can use array as an argument?

Reviewer: I wrote this comment before checking a code, so I suppose we  can just remove mention `Array`. If it accepted `Array` it should be like `resolveRelativeURL('aaa', ['a','b','c'])`, but function supports only `String`

**Returned value**

- The function returns the absolute URL as a string after resolving the relative URL against the base.

Type: `String`.

**Example**

Query:

``` sql

> SELECT resolveRelativeURL('image.gif', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/');

Reviewer: Let's add one more case to compare
```suggestion
SELECT
    resolveRelativeURL('image.gif', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/'),
    resolveRelativeURL('/index.html', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/')
FORMAT Vertical
```

```

Result:

``` text

> ┌─resolveRelativeURL('/', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/')─┐
> │ https://clickhouse.com/                                 │
> └─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Row 1:
──────
resolveRelativeURL('image.gif', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/'):   https://clickhouse.com/blog/image.gif
resolveRelativeURL('/index.html', 'https://clickhouse.com/blog/'): https://clickhouse.com/index.html
```
